Profile:

Name: Wawatam
Race: Fae
Class: The Green Warden
Age: 51
Hobbies: Loves to make friends, helping people and solving mysteries.

Education:

College: University of Ithilien

University: University of Ithilien

Mentor: Professor Inne

Education:

College: University of Ithilien

University: University of Ithilien

Mentor: Professor Inne

Education:

College: University of Ithilien

University: University of Ith

Employment History: Butcher
Fantasy Costo
October 1009 - Present

Responsibilities:

Inventory, cut and pack meat, fish and meat products for sale.

Specialty: Butchering, meat processing

Specialty: Fish and meat processing

Other:

Worked as a caterer for

Innkeeper
Pinch-A-Penance
September 1031 - May 1028

Responsibilities:

-Maintain and clean the facilities

-Maintain the food and drink supplies

-Maintain the food and drink supplies in good condition

-Maintain the equipment used for food and drink

-Maintain the

Barkeep
The Bureau of Balance
January 1097 - October 1096

Responsibilities:

Under the direction of the Bureau of Balance, the Bureau is responsible for the collection of balance sheets of all businesses in the city. It is responsible for the collection of all credit and debit card transactions in the city. The Bureau is responsible for

Barkeep
The Court of Howls
October 1053 - August 1052

Responsibilities:

- Telling the story of the early years of the Abbey and the family of St. Elizabeth.

- Keeping a record of the activities of the Abbey and the family of St. Elizabeth.

- Recording the events of the

Minstrel
The Prancing Pony
January 1099 - February 1097

Responsibilities:

Minstrel (or "Pony") is the leader of the Prancing Pony. He is a horse that is designed to be the leader of the entire Prancing Pony.

Pony is the leader of the Prancing Pony

Minstrel
Coins-A-Plenty
April 1081 - February 1077

Responsibilities:

Monitor the production and sale of coins of the United Kingdom, France, Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, and Finland.

Serve as a stock-erase counter for all mints.

Administer the mints



Q: When asked 'Did you have tattoos, why did you have your first kiss, and who with?' Wawatam said

A: "I had some tattoos. I had my first kiss with a woman. I had a lot of things in my life. I never had a problem with it. I am not ashamed of it."

Q: "What was the last thing you had done with your penis? Wawatam said

A: "I have had sex with a lot of girls. I have done some things with my penis. I don't like it."

Q: "What is the--

Q: When asked 'How do you always need to have a best friend?' Wawatam said

A: 'When we are in trouble, we need to have a friend to help us and comfort us.'

Q: How do you maintain your friendships with other religions? Wawatam said

A: 'We need to maintain our friendship with the other religions.'

Q: How do you maintain your friendships with other religions? Wawatam said

A: 'We need to maintain our friendship with the other religions.'

Q: How do you maintain your friendships--

Q: When asked 'Do you want to know about this fear of yours?' Wawatam said

A: I said 'I don't want to know'. He said 'I said, "I don't want to know, because I do not want to be afraid".

Q: When asked 'Do you want to know about this fear of yours?' Wawatam said

A: I said 'I don't want to know'. He said 'I said, "I don't want to be afraid, because I do not want to be afraid".

Q: When asked--

Q: When asked 'Which talent would you describe your childhood?' Wawatam said

A: I think I was born in the year 707, but my parents were from the year 709 and so I was born in the year 710.

Q: Did you have a father who was a soldier?

A: Yes, he was a soldier.

Q: What did your father do for a living?

A: He was a soldier.

Q: Did you know your mother?

A: Yes, I knew her, but we--

Q: When asked 'If so, describe this person in your pockets or purse?' Wawatam said

A: I told him that he was a member of the kafir [infidels] and that he should be killed. Then I asked him to give the word to kill him, but he refused. When I asked him to give the word, he said that he would not give the word to kill him. He said that he had seen him and that he was a kafir. I said to him, "How can you say this to a kafir?" He replied, "--

