Profile:

Name: Ronald
Race: Goblin
Class: The Yellow Necromancer
Age: 58
Hobbies:

I'm a goblin. I just happen to have a very bad case of Necromancy.

Other hobbies:

I enjoy watching old movies.

I am an avid collector of anything old and strange.

Interests:

I love collecting things.

I love to travel.

I like to read.

I like to make new friends.

My favorite movies:

The Wizard of Oz.

The Wizard of

Employment History: Beggar
Fantasy Costo
September 1073 - Present

Responsibilities:

Cleaning

Furniture

Toweling

Theft

Furniture Theft

Burglary

Property Damage

Other Criminal Activity:

Stolen Property

Vehicle Theft

Ranchhand
The Bureau of Balance
August 1055 - July 1054

Responsibilities:

To keep track of the gold and silver in the vaults of the King's Treasury

To keep track of the gold and silver in the vaults of the Bank of England

To keep track of the gold and silver in the

Servant
The Silver Hand
October 1102 - August 1099

Responsibilities:

- Protect the nation from foreign invasions.

- Protect the nation from external threats.

- Investigate and investigate rumors.

- Recruit and train new members of the Silver Hand.

- Recruit and

Farmer
The Prancing Pony
May 1101 - February 1098

Responsibilities:

Pets - providing the animals with food and water.

Housekeeping - cleaning, maintaining and tidying the house.

Mining - harvesting ores, turning them into metal and glass, and producing a variety of metal tools

Beggar
The Bureau of Balance
June 1092 - November 1090

Responsibilities:

The Bureau of Balance is responsible for the financial management of the military. It also regulates the finances of the land and its inhabitants, and conducts research into the nature of the world. It is also responsible for the production and distribution of food,

Servant
The Royal Court
January 1095 - September 1092

Responsibilities:

Servants were required to take an oath of allegiance to the King of England. Servants were also required to serve the King as a retainer, meaning they were paid for their services, and to perform their duties in his name.




Q: When asked 'Who is the one thing for which you would do in the existence of soul mates and/or true love?' Ronald said

A: 'I would do anything for a soul mate.'

Q: What are the biggest reasons why you would not be interested in a soul mate? Ronald said

A: 'I would not want to be with someone who had the same physical characteristics as me.'

Q: Are you married? Ronald said

A: 'Yes.'

Q: How old are you? Ronald said

A: 'I am 37.'

Q: How old are you and--

Q: When asked 'What is the most important event of your skills and other abilities?' Ronald said

A: 'The most important thing for me is to get the job done. If I was going to get a job in any other profession, I would have been doing it by now.'

Q: What is your favorite thing about being a celebrity? Ronald said

A: 'I like the attention. I like the people. I like the attention that comes with being a celebrity. I like that I'm a celebrity, and I like that people are interested in me.'

Q:--

Q: When asked 'What is the most important event of your family?' Ronald said

A: 'The day we got married.'

Q: What is the most important event of your family? Ronald said

A: 'The day we got married.'

Q: What is the most important event of your family? Ronald said

A: 'The day we got married.'

Q: What is the most important event of your family? Ronald said

A: 'The day we got married.'

Q: What is the most important event of your--

Q: When asked 'Which other person knows about this secret, why?' Ronald said

A: 'It is in my nature to be a bit self-absorbed.'

Q: When asked 'What do you think about me?' Ronald said

A: 'You have been the best friend I have ever had.'

Q: When asked 'What do you think about me?' Ronald said

A: 'You have been the best friend I have ever had.'

Q: When asked 'What do you think about me?' Ronald said

A: '--

Q: When asked 'To which social class do you most like to be bad at.' Ronald said

A: "I like to be bad at everything."

Q: When asked 'What is your favourite food?' Ronald said

A: "It's quite hard to pick one. I like to eat all kinds of food."

Q: When asked 'Do you have a favourite colour?' Ronald said

A: "It depends on the colour of the shirt."

Q: When asked 'What is your favourite song?' Ronald said

A: "My favourite song is--

