Profile:

Name: Nicolao
Race: Dwarf
Class: The Purple Thief
Age: 100
Hobbies:

Dancing, traveling, cooking, and reading books

Favorite Food:

Dwarves are the biggest eaters in the world.

Favorite Food:

Crab meat

Favorite Drink:

Alcohol

Favorite Food:

Meat

Favorite Food:

Nuts

Favorite Food:

Bread

Favorite Food:

Pigs

Favorite Food:

Bread

Favorite Food:


Employment History: Innkeeper
The Bureau of Balance
April 1078 - Present

Responsibilities:

Provides services to the residents of the City of London, England.

Performs accounting and financial reporting to the Chief Financial Officer.

Provides support to the Chief Financial Officer and other financial management staff.

Maint

Farmer
Fantasy Costo
March 1081 - March 1079

Responsibilities:

Work at the farm

Be good to the children

Work on the farm

Farm and work at home

No contact with the outside world

The farm is to be run by a farmer

The farm will

Barkeep
Fantasy Costo
September 1093 - December 1088

Responsibilities:

* Furniture cleaning

* Cleaning, washing, and rinsing of tables and chairs

* Cleaning of table and chair legs and backs

* Cleaning of tables and chairs, chairs, and stools


Ranchhand
Coins-A-Plenty
April 1006 - February 1005

Responsibilities: Collect and distribute coins to the following areas:

Mountain Watch

Coins-A-Plenty

Alpine Village

Rocky Mountain

Boulder Creek

Snowflake Lake

Fountain of Youth


Minstrel
Fantasy Costo
October 1018 - September 1015

Responsibilities:

Identify the most suitable type of ku-rin for the project.

Research the materials, tools and techniques needed to create the ku-rin.

Review the requirements for the project and the ku-rin.

Farmer
Fantasy Costo
July 1053 - December 1050

Responsibilities:

Trying to do my part to maintain a large amount of food for the people of the land.

Trying to maintain a large amount of grain for the people of the land.

Trying to build a large amount of



Q: When asked 'When did you struggle?' Nicolao said

A: "I was at school in the third year of my studies in the fifth year of my

B: "I was a little bit older than you."

Q: "When did you struggle?" Nicolao said

A: "I was in the sixth year of my studies in the third year of my

B: "I was in the fourth year of my studies in the fifth year of my

Q: "Did you have a problem with your brother?" Nicol--

Q: When asked 'How do you belong?' Nicolao said

A: 'I have a lot of confidence in my team and I am confident that we can win'.

Q: Why did you choose to go with a new team? Nicolao said

A: 'We thought it would be easier to get the same results as before and get results in the same way'.

Q: What was your first impression of your new teammates? Nicolao said

A: 'I think we are the same as before, we are all good players'.--

Q: When asked 'Do you like to live?' Nicolao said

A: 'Yes, I like to live. I like to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live.'

Q: What was your happiest moment in life?

A: My happiest moment in life was when I was a boy, when I was 13 years old, I was in my first year of university. I was in my first year of university, and I had this girlfriend. She was a beautiful woman. I was--

Q: When asked 'Do you believe in the time you had left.' Nicolao said

A: 'I do believe in the time we had left.'


Q: What do you mean by that?


A: 'I mean the time we had left to tell our story, to tell our stories, to tell our stories.'


Q: And that is the time?


A: 'Yes, it is.'


Q: Do you know why you left?


A: 'I don't know why I left.'


Q: How did you--

Q: When asked 'Who is the most influence on you?' Nicolao said

A: 'My family, my parents and my sister. I love them all'

Q: You are the most popular in your school and you are the most popular in the entire city of

A: 'I am a bit proud of myself'

Q: When you were growing up, you used to be bullied because of your

A: 'I was always an outsider. I was always treated like a

Q: You were the first person to join the basketball team--

